fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/potluck-chat-vagabondism-class-mike-wolf-june-9th.md

title: Potluck chat & Vagabondism Class with Mike Wolf - June 9th
images:
  - src: vaga6-9.jpg

>     alt: "Technical blueprint schematic drawings showing two views of mobile living vehicle with floor plan layouts and side profiles with annotations and measurements"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: "Technical drawing of mobile living vehicle side profile with annotations and measurements"
```
